# Notices

## Copyright

[ITS Open-Source Process](https://github.com/k-vaughn/ITS-open-source) is
licensed under the **Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International**
[(CC BY 4.0)](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/?ref=chooser-v1)
:fontawesome-brands-creative-commons: :fontawesome-brands-creative-commons-by:
by the American Association of State Highway and Transportation Officials
[(AASHTO)](https://transportation.org), the Institute of Transportation
Engineers [(ITE)](https://www.ite.org), and the National Electrical
Manufacturers Association [(NEMA)](https://www.nema.org).

The CC BY 4.0 license requires that reusers give credit to AASHTO, ITE, and
NEMA. It allows reusers to distribute, remix, adapt, and build upon the material
in any medium or format, even for commercial purposes.

## Content and Liability Disclaimer

The information in this publication was considered technically sound by the
consensus of persons engaged in the development and approval of the document at
the time it was developed. Consensus does not necessarily mean that there is
unanimous agreement among every person participating in the development of this
document.

AASHTO, ITE, and NEMA standards and guideline publications, of which the
document contained herein is one, are developed through a voluntary consensus
standards development process. This process brings together volunteers and seeks
out the views of persons who have an interest in the topic covered by this
publication. While AASHTO, ITE, and NEMA administer the process and establish
rules to promote fairness in the development of consensus, they do not write the
document and they do not independently test, evaluate, or verify the accuracy or
completeness of any information or the soundness of any judgments contained in
their standards and guideline publications.

AASHTO, ITE, and NEMA disclaim liability for any personal injury, property, or
other damages of any nature whatsoever, whether special, indirect,
consequential, or compensatory, directly or indirectly resulting from the
publication, use of, application, or reliance on this document. AASHTO, ITE, and
NEMA disclaim and make no guaranty or warranty, express or implied, as to the
accuracy or completeness of any information published herein, and disclaims and
makes no warranty that the information in this document will fulfill any of your
particular purposes or needs. AASHTO, ITE, and NEMA do not undertake to
guarantee the performance of any individual manufacturer or seller's products or
services by virtue of this standard or guide.

In publishing and making this document available, AASHTO, ITE, and NEMA are not
undertaking to render professional or other services for or on behalf of any
person or entity, nor are AASHTO, ITE, and NEMA undertaking to perform any duty
owed by any person or entity to someone else. Anyone using this document should
rely on his or her own independent judgment or, as appropriate, seek the advice
of a competent professional in determining the exercise of reasonable care in
any given circumstances. Information and other standards on the topic covered by
this publication may be available from other sources, which the user may wish to
consult for additional views or information not covered by this publication.

AASHTO, ITE, and NEMA have no power, nor do they undertake to police or enforce
compliance with the contents of this document. AASHTO, ITE, and NEMA do not
certify, test, or inspect products, designs, or installations for safety or
health purposes. Any certification or other statement of compliance with any
health or safety-related information in this document shall not be attributable
to AASHTO, ITE, or NEMA and is solely the responsibility of the certifier or
maker of the statement.

## Trademark Notice

NTCIP is a trademark of AASHTO / ITE / NEMA. All other marks mentioned in this
project are the trademarks of their respective owners.
